AboutGuruSkill/README.md, before:

# Amazon Alexa my skill -- About myself

## WorkIntent   
What's his current job  
What does Guru do  
What does he do  
What does he do for a living  
job  
Where does he work  
workplace  
  
## RealNameIntent  
What is his full name  
his birth name  
his full name  
his real name  
What is his real name  
  
## FavIntent: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
  
## ColorIntent  
What color does he like  
What is his favourite color  
color  
his favourite color  
  
## SportsIntent  
sports  
favourite sport  
What is his favourite sport  
What sports he likes to watch  
  
## SportspersonIntent  
sportsperson  
Who is his favourite sportsperson  
Who is his favourite athlete  
  
## FoodIntent  
favourite food    
his favourite food  
What does he likes to eat the most  
  
## MusicIntent  
favourite music  
favourite singer  
Who is his favourite band  
What kind of music does he listens to  

## FavQuoteIntent  
favourtie saying  
Favourite quote  
Which is his favourite quote  
  
## ActorIntent  
favourite actor  
his favourite actor  
Who is his favourite actor  
  
## MovieIntent  
which movie does he like the most  
what is his favourite movie  
favourite movie  
  
## CarIntent  
What is his favourite car  
What car does he like  
his dream car  
  
## FavSuperheroIntent  
Who is his favorite superhero  
favorite superhero  
favorite comic character  
  
## FavLeaderIntent    
Who is his favorite leader   
Who is his inspiration  
Which person does he look upto?  

## FavPlaceIntent      
Which is guru's favourite place to visit  
His most favorite place  
Which is his favorite place on earth  
Which is his favorite city  

## TODO  
Cricket Player  
Hockey Player  
Football Player  
Season  
Video game  
book  
Tv Show  
Hobbies  
Number  
Restaurent  
dog  
cat  


## --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

## Language Intent
What languages does guru speak  
What languages does guru know  
language  
What is guru's native language  
What is his native language  
native language  
What is his mother's tongue  
Mother's Tongue  

## NationalityIntent  
nationality  
Which city is he from  
Where was he born  
Where is he from  
  
## ContactIntent  
resume  
phone number  
contact  
email address  
How can I contact him  
  
## DegreeIntent  
What did he study  
school  
College  
level of qualification  
level of education  
What did he study  
  
## SummaryIntent  
introduction  
summary  
about himself  
  
## RelationshipIntent  
married  
girlfriend  
does he have a girlfriend  
is he in a relationship  
is he single  
  
## GuruTriviaIntent  
trivia game  
Play About guru Trivia  
to play how well do you know about guru  
to play guru quiz  
to play guru trivia  
to play guru game

Commit message:

Updated readme with new intent and utterences -  20180502

AboutGuruSkill/README.md, after:

# Amazon Alexa my skill -- About myself

## WorkIntent   
What's his current job  
What does Guru do  
What does he do  
What does he do for a living  
job  
Where does he work  
workplace  
  
## RealNameIntent  
What is his full name  
his birth name  
his full name  
his real name  
What is his real name  
  
## FavIntent: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
  
## ColorIntent  
What color does he like  
What is his favourite color  
color  
his favourite color  
  
## SportsIntent  
sports  
favourite sport  
What is his favourite sport  
What sports he likes to watch  
  
## SportspersonIntent  
sportsperson  
Who is his favourite sportsperson  
Who is his favourite athlete  
  
## FoodIntent  
favourite food    
his favourite food  
What does he likes to eat the most  
  
## MusicIntent  
favourite music  
favourite singer  
Who is his favourite band  
What kind of music does he listens to  

## FavQuoteIntent  
favourtie saying  
Favourite quote  
Which is his favourite quote  
  
## ActorIntent  
favourite actor  
his favourite actor  
Who is his favourite actor  
  
## MovieIntent  
which movie does he like the most  
what is his favourite movie  
favourite movie  
  
## CarIntent  
What is his favourite car  
What car does he like  
his dream car  
  
## FavSuperheroIntent  
Who is his favorite superhero  
favorite superhero  
favorite comic character  
  
## FavLeaderIntent    
Who is his favorite leader   
Who is his inspiration  
Which person does he look upto?  

## FavPlaceIntent      
Which is guru's favourite place to visit  
His most favorite place  
Which is his favorite place on earth  
Which is his favorite city  
  
## FavVideoGameIntent
What is guru's favorite video game to play  
guru's most favorite video game  
video game  
most liked video game  
most favorite console game  
  
## FavSeasonIntent  
Which is guru's favorite season  
Which season does guru prefer  
Which season does guru like  
   
## FavTvShow
Which is gur's favorite tv show  
Which tv series is his most favorite  
Tv Show he likes to watch  
  
## TODO  
Cricket Player  
Hockey Player  
Football Player   
book   
Hobbies  
Number  
Restaurent  
dog  
cat  


## --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

## Language Intent
What languages does guru speak  
What languages does guru know  
language  
What is guru's native language  
What is his native language  
native language  
What is his mother's tongue  
Mother's Tongue  

## NationalityIntent  
nationality  
Which city is he from  
Where was he born  
Where is he from  
  
## ContactIntent  
resume  
phone number  
contact  
email address  
How can I contact him  
  
## DegreeIntent  
What did he study  
school  
College  
level of qualification  
level of education  
What did he study  
  
## SummaryIntent  
introduction  
summary  
about himself  
  
## RelationshipIntent  
married  
girlfriend  
does he have a girlfriend  
is he in a relationship  
is he single  
  
## GuruTriviaIntent  
trivia game  
Play About guru Trivia  
to play how well do you know about guru  
to play guru quiz  
to play guru trivia  
to play guru game
